Where are you successful let's animated together.
First of all we need to add a second value to our estate which can be managed by re-act native and all
name it places.
And then the name is totally up to you again here awls initialize a value and we can start with any
value you want but I want to any from an Apache of 0 to 1.
So let's start at zero.
Now we got the place loaded handler which we execute once the first animation is done and once we actually
set our laces to be loaded.
So any place is loaded.
Handler all play any made its timings to execute this function again and there will change.
Does state laces and them.
Now let's configure this timing function.
Let's go to a value of 1 because we start at zero and we want to fade it in.
Let's go to one over a duration of 500 milliseconds maybe.
And that's also used the native driver there.
Now we just need to call start death starts the animation dead will change does state places and them.
Now we need to take advantage of this in our render function here where we have places list we should
wrap this in the animated dot view component which is the component which can handle this anymore.
The value we're changing over time.
Now you may of course play whichever animation you want and change with whichever styles you want.
I will set style equal to a javascript object where all changed your past city to this state laces and
then and again because it's animated you react.
It was able to actually handle this strange value and change the opacity off the wrapped element.
And now that is all.
Let me save this.
And that's reload our application.
And let's see if we see our list.
Fade in smoothly for dad.
All First of all add new elements and I'll add Munich's.
Munich a couple of times and then find my places and it fades beautifully.
Let's also try that on Android.
So I'll reload there quickly add a couple of new laces.
Let's use San Francisco here.
Let's also add a couple of times.
And let's find the place here too.
Looks beautiful too.
That is the animation finished.
That is our fate in animation and then with that to gabber we get a very nice animation in place.